# My Research
According to my research, Portfolios offer a thorough but disjointed picture of student growth. Tensions between learning and assessment, student attitudes regarding the purpose of portfolios, student performance evaluation systems, the learning environment, and portfolio layout all have an impact on portfolio documentation (Pool et al., 2020). Goals that students have created for their future success are reflected in their portfolios and their achievements are portrayed in their portfolios. Researchers from the National Science Council of Taiwan feel that e-Portfolios support student learning in higher education, which has led to their recent widespread acceptance. The goal orientation theory is used in this study to examine how goal orientations, metacognitive techniques, and student happiness are related to ePortfolio use. Goal orientation, metacognitive methods, and pleasure are used in this work to advance the understanding of how students learn when utilizing an ePortfolio (Huang et al.). Based on these studies, it is shown that students mostly devise goals that are career oriented. Goals that will help them be successful in their professional lives. Students don't really think about Family or Recreational activities as a goal they need to achieve. A student's thought process is that, once they become successful in their professional lives and start earning good money, then they will think to buy a house or a car. And then, they will think to start dating and getting into a serious relationship that could eventually lead to marriage and kids. This thought process is slightly different from my own. Yes, I would like to be financially stable before getting married, but that doesn't mean that I need to reach my goal of being a Senior UX Researcher, before I even think about getting married. My goal of becoming a Senior UX Researcher and my goal of getting married after graduation, I can work on them simultaneously. My goals don't have a hierarchy. Whichever goal is fulfilled first, is a step in the right direction for me.




# References
Huang, J. J. S., Yang, S. J. H., Chiang, P. Y. F., &amp; Tzeng, L. S. Y. (n.d.). Building an e-portfolio learning model: Goal orientation and metacognitive strategies. Knowledge Management &amp; E-Learning: An International Journal. http://www.kmel-journal.org/ojs/index.php/online-publication/article/view/149 

Pool, A. O., Jaarsma, A. D. C., Driessen, E. W., &amp; Govaerts, M. J. B. (2020, April 9). Student perspectives on competency-based portfolios: Does a&nbsp;portfolio reflect their competence development?. Perspectives on Medical Education. https://pmejournal.org/articles/10.1007/S40037-020-00571-7 